This problem follows a cyclic sort pattern as it
is required to find the missing number in the given
range.
So first sort the elements using cyclic sort
After the sort,
each element will be placed in its correct index except
the missing element.
So just check
If each index and its value are the same.
If it is not the same, just return that particular index
See this example
We have the array elements 3 5 1 4 0
After the cyclic sort, the order of elements will
be 0 1 5 3 and 4
Now the elements 0 1 3 and 4 all are present in
their correct indices. But in index two, instead of element 2
we have 5 there.
Hence we can easily return the missing element which is
two here.